Highlight variables (#8569)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/liquid/tags.md

to each line:

{% raw %}

```liquid
{% highlight ruby linenos %}
def foo
  puts 'foo'
end
{% endhighlight %}
```

{% endraw %}

### Variables for language and line numbers

{: .note}

> To pass a language variable to the `highlight` tag, the variable **must** be named `lang`, as in {% raw %}{{ page.lang }}{% endraw %}. The `linenos` variable can be called by any other name.

Reviewer: I don't think this statement is true about _must_ use "lang".

Variable names don't matter. the value matters

Have you tried using another name and see what happens?

```
---
language: ruby
---
{% highlight {{ page.language }} %}
...
```

Author: Thanks for your comments.

In order to differentiate between the `lang` and `linenos` variables I used a regexp that catches only variable names that end in 'lang'.

Testing the Regexp [here](https://rubular.com/r/fCGFAF7dCFA90E) with `{{ page.language }}` catches the variable in the parameters (linenos) var. But I think it would be useful to catch all similar variables (lang / language / lang_a / lang1 etc.) so that several top-level language variables could be specified for the page, like so:
```text
---
lang1: cpp
lang2: html
---
{% highlight {{ page.lang1 }} %}
/* code */
{% endhighlight %}
...
{% highlight {{ page.lang2 }} %}
<!-- markup -->
{% endhighlight %}
```
I tried to accommodate that by expanding the regexp a bit, and would appreciate testing. [Here](https://rubular.com/r/riHdOEUdsaaFAT) is the revised regexp.

Reviewer: Oh okay that makes sensitive but sounds like an anti-pattern in programming. I didn't know the tag could even know the name of the field passed to it, I thought it would use the evaluated value only.

I would have expected something like you pass one parameter and that is only lang, or pass two and that is lang and then linenos, exactly in that order only (no  regex needed then as you have positional parameters).

If there was a concern about the need to use no land but still set linenos, I would have expected  calling as `{% highlight nil true %}`. Or using named parameters - if tags support this like filters do? `{% highlight linenos=true %}` and  `{% highlight {{ page.lang }} linenos=true %}`

> Both language and the line numbering parameter `linenos` can be passed to the `highlight` tag as variables, instead of specific paramters. \

Reviewer: Add line break instead of \. And fix typo

```suggestion
Both the language and the line numbering parameter (`linenos`) can be passed to the `highlight` tag as variables, instead of the standard approach of fixed parameters.

```

For example, suppose you defined a variable in your page's front matter like this:

```yaml
---
title: My page
lang: ruby
lines: true
---

```

You could then reference those variables in your link:

{% raw %}

```liquid
{% highlight {{ page.lang }} {{ page.lines }} %}
def foo
  puts 'foo'
end
{% endhighlight %}
```

{% endraw %}

> In this example, the `highlight` tag would render the code in the same manner as in the Line Numbers example, above. However, a different page may turn off the line numbering, eg.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `highlight` tag would render the code in the same manner as in the Line Numbers example, above. However, a different page may turn off the line numbering

e.g.
```

If you want to include a link to a post on your site, the `post_url` tag will generate the correct permalink URL for the post you specify.

{% raw %}

> 

Reviewer: Unnecessary style changes to add lines.
